Change Development phase to Experimental phase of a feature to better represent the state of a feature (#495)
istio/community: FEATURE-LIFECYCLE.md

<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Experimental</td>
    <td>Alpha</td>
    <td>Beta</td>
    <td>Stable</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Purpose</td>

>     <td>Future status of feature is unknown. Implementation and usage will most likely change. Users should use with extreme caution as future efforts will require a migration effort.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> Feature is under active development and user facing APIs will most likely change. Users should deploy experimental features with extreme caution, preferably in non-production environments as newer versions can require a migration effort.</td>
```

>     <td> Feature is under active development and user facing APIs will most likely change. Users should deploy experimental features with extreme caution, preferably in non-production environments as newer versions can require a migration effort.</td>

Reviewer 2: `most likely` -> `may`
`can` -> `may`
`newer versions` -> `experimental features` (you are talking about the feature status and then switch context to the version...

    <td>Used to get feedback on a design or feature or see how a tentative design performs, etc. Targeted at developers and expert users.</td>
    <td>Used to vet a solution in production without committing to it in the long term, to assess its viability, performance, usability, etc. Targeted at all users.</td>
    <td>Dependable, production hardened</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Stability</td>

>     <td>May be buggy. Using the feature may expose bugs. Users must opt-in to use feature.</td>

Reviewer 2: If Experimental and Alpha have the same stability, then I'd just copy line 28.

Another approach is to take a riff off what is there, which is `May be buggy. This feature may have limited testing and field experience. Not active by default.`

This other approach represents a development feature as really green, (not field proven..)

    <td>May be buggy. Using the feature may expose bugs. Not active by default.</td>
    <td>Code is well tested. The feature is safe for production use.</td>
    <td>Code is well tested and stable. Safe for widespread deployment in production.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Security</td>

>     <td>Using the feature may have obvious security vulnerabilities. Discovered vulnerabilities will not necessarily be communicated broadly.</td>

Reviewer 2: `will not necessarily` -> `may not`

    <td>Using the feature may have obvious security vulnerabilities. Discovered vulnerabilities will not necessarily be communicated broadly.</td>
    <td>Any discovered security vulnerabilities will be publicly disclosed and patched.</td>
    <td>Any discovered security vulnerabilities will be publicly disclosed and patched.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Performance</td>

>     <td>Performance characteristics are unknown. Enabling said features may adversely affect performance.</td>

Reviewer 2: remove word `said`.

    <td>Performance requirements are assessed as part of design.</td>
    <td>Performance and scalability are characterized, but may have caveats.</td>
    <td>Perf (latency/scale) is quantified and documented, with guarantees against regression.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Support</td>

>     <td>No guarantees on backward compatibility. The feature may be dropped at any time without notice.</td>

Reviewer 2: `dropped` -> `removed`

  <tr>
    <td>Stability</td>
    <td>Unknown</td>
    <td>Unknown</td>
    <td>May be buggy. Using the feature may expose bugs. Not active by default.</td>
    <td>Code is well tested. The feature is safe for production use.</td>
    <td>Code is well tested and stable. Safe for widespread deployment in production.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Security</td>
    <td>Unknown</td>
    <td>Unknown</td>
    <td>Using the feature may have obvious security vulnerabilities. Discovered vulnerabilities will not necessarily be communicated broadly.</td>

>     <td>Any discovered security vulnerabilities will be publiclly disclosed and patched.</td>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <td>Any discovered security vulnerabilities will be publicly disclosed and patched.</td>
```

Author: I put up another PR to get this merged in.

>     <td>Any discovered security vulnerabilities will be publically disclosed and patched.</td>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <td>Any discovered security vulnerabilities will be publicly disclosed and patched.</td>
```

Author: Same

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Completeness</td>

>     <td>Feature has limited capabilities, but acts as a proof-of-concept for additional ideas to follow.</td>

Reviewer 2: don't use but in a governance doc please :)

`Feature has limited capabilities. This feature may act as a proof of concept.`

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Documentation</td>

>     <td>Experimental features are marked either as experimental in auto-generated reference docs or they are hidden.</td>

Reviewer 2: remove `either`

`or they are hidden` -> `or they not be exposed.`

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Upgradeability</td>

>     <td>The schema and semantics of a feature will change in a later software release, without any provision for preserving configuration objects in an existing istio installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td>The schema and semantics of an experimental feature can change in newer versions without any guarantees of preserving backwards compatibility thereby requiring configuration changes during upgrades.
```

>     <td>The schema and semantics of an experimental feature can change in newer versions without any guarantees of preserving backwards compatibility thereby requiring configuration changes during upgrades.

Reviewer 2: `can change` -> `may`

remove `thereby`

> API versions can increment faster than the monthly release cadence and developers are not required to maintain multiple versions for backwards compatibility.

Reviewer 2: `can` -> may

> API versions can increment faster than the monthly release cadence and the developer need not maintain multiple versions
> Developers should still increment the API version when schema or semantics change in an incompatible way</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API versions can increment faster than the monthly release cadence and developers are not required to maintain multiple versions for backwards compatibility.
Developers are recommended to increment the API version when schema or semantics change in an incompatible way</td>
```

> Developers are recommended to increment the API version when schema or semantics change in an incompatible way</td>

Reviewer 2: `recommended` -> `encouraged`

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reliability</td>

>     <td>The user should not expect the feature to be reliable may be untested.</td>

Reviewer 4: FYI minor typo here, ... to be reliable and it may be untested.

>     <td>The user should not expect the feature to be reliable as it is relatively untested.</td>

Reviewer 2: `as it is` -> `may be`
remove the world `relatively`

    <td>Because the feature is relatively new, and may lack complete end-to-end tests, enabling the feature via a flag might expose bugs which destabilize Istio (e.g. a bug in a control loop might rapidly create excessive numbers of objects, exhausting API storage).</td>
    <td>Because the feature has e2e tests, enabling the feature should not create new bugs in unrelated features.
Because the feature is relatively new, it may have minor bugs.</td>
    <td>High. The feature is well tested and stable and reliable for all uses.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Support</td>

>     <td>There is no commitment from the Istio community to progress or complete the feature and

Reviewer 2: `progress or complete`-> `improve, maintain, or complete`

>     <td>There is no commitment from Istio to complete the feature
> The feature may be dropped entirely in a later software release</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td>There is no commitment from the Istio community to complete the feature.
The feature may be dropped entirely in a newer release</td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Recommended Use Cases</td>

>     <td>In short-lived development or testing environments, due to complexity of upgradeability and lack of long-term support.</td>

Reviewer: Looks like this is duplicated.

>     <td>In short-lived development or testing environments, due to complexity of upgradeability and lack of long-term support.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td>In short-lived development or testing environments, geared towards soliciting early feedback from users to shape development efforts.</td>
```

>     <td>In short-lived development or testing environments, geared towards soliciting early feedback from users to shape development efforts.</td>

Reviewer 2: this is nice !
